AAP-18707 Updated procedure with EDA max running activations (#1050)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-eda-controller-variables.adoc

| *`automationedacontroller_gunicorn_workers`* | Number of workers for the API served through gunicorn.

Default = (# of cores or threads) * 2 + 1

> | *`automationedacontroller_max_running_activations`* | The number of running activations per worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *`automationedacontroller_max_running_activations`* | The number of maximum running activations per node.
```

> Default = 12

Author: @jamesmarshall24 - the `automationedacontroller_max_running_activations` variable has been added to Appendix A.5. in the install guide.
